[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want
my treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
Two years have passed
since the War of the
Best in Marineford.
Reuniting after their
special training,
Luffy and his crew continue
on to the New World.
Their first stop is Fishman
Island, thousands of feet
below sea level, where
they meet King Neptune.
[NEPTUNE
...is to invite you all
to the Ryugu Palace!
[LUFFY]
"The Ryugu Palace!
Taken by the Shark
That They Saved!"
[NARRATOR] A few hours before
Luffy met with King Neptune,
something unexpected happened.
An unfortunate encounter with
a barrel at Mermaid Cove.
[ISHILLY] Jeez, they sure
sealed this thing tight!
There must be something
important in there!
[CORAL-HAIRED MERMAID]
Well, let's think.
It's packed up all nice
like a treasure chest,
but it's still a barrel,
so maybe some fancy booze?
Oh, c'mon. Almost there.
[CARIBOU]
That'll be enough.
Just give me a second.
[yelps]
[CARIBOU cackles]
That's right. Stand back.
Thank you very much,
ladies, but I think
I can take it from here!
You mean, there was
a person stuffed in there?
No way!
[CARIBOU cackling]
[gasps]
[MERMAIDS scream]
[cackles] I'm free!
Thank you so much for your help.
I truly couldn't've
done it without you!
There's no need to run away!
Hurry! Get to the water!
[MERMAIDS panting]
[yells, laughs]
Too bad! Too slow!
[MERMAIDS yelping]
What is this? I'm sinking!
It's mud. But where
did it all come from?
How very observant of you,
though it's more like
quicksand, technically.
Consider it my own
personal swamp!
This is the power of
the Swamp-Swamp Fruit!
Hardly glamorous,
but I don't mind!
Oh, and by the way, I wouldn't
struggle if I were you!
[yelps] No!
That only makes you sink faster!
Someone help!
[CARIBOU] Oh, stop screaming.
I'm not gonna kill you.
I'll just suck you
into a mucky hellhole!
Help me!
What, are you
braindead, lady?
I said "stop
screaming" didn't I?
Just give it up already!
Ishilly!
You're fine!
Calm down and take
a nap, why don't you?
[cackles]
[CARIBOU chuckles]
It's a good thing
my body's a bottomless pit,
since there's plenty more
treasure to put in it!
Huh. Lemme think here.
How much do mermaids sell for?
Seventy million
at auction, right?
And I nabbed three of 'em.
That is quite the
catch, I must say.
Those stupid Straw Hats
helped me out after all!
If it gets me a free pass
through immigration,
you can lock me
in a barrel any time!
So what if my plan to cash in
on their bounties
didn't quite pan out?
Now I can steal all
the mermaids I want!
[CARIBOU cackles]
[MERO]
Ishilly!
Where'd you run off to?
I'm sure I heard
her call for help.
Oh, Ishilly.
[NARRATOR] Back in the present,
in the port town of Coral Hill,
located in the Ryugu Kingdom.
[GREEN AMMO KNIGHT 531A]
The Straw Hat Pirates.
They must be the ones
who kidnapped your friends
from Mermaid Cove.
Who else could it've been?
Hold on. They saved
Camie from kidnappers.
I'm sure you must be mistaken!
They were nice. They aren't
here to cause any trouble.
[GREEN AMMO KNIGHT 531A]
Maybe they needed a hostage.
But why?
First off, let's
look at the facts.
Excluding us guards and you
mermaids, there was nobody else
at the cove around that time,
and those thugs from
the Fishman District
were forced to flee.
A number of the Straw Hats left,
but a portion of the crew
is still unaccounted for.
We don't know what
their intentions may be.
The temptation for
humans to kidnap mermaids
is just too great.
They're traded at a high
price all over the world
and we have criminals
like them to thank!
But they weren't
just any pirates.
They saved Camie from slavery!
Pirates often "make
friends with" mermaids,
and then when they
come down here,
they use that relationship
to kidnap them!
[FISHMAN 531A sighs]
[GREEN AMMO KNIGHT 531A]
Prince Fukaboshi!
Are you certain, Madam Sharley?
This vision that you saw.
It is of dire importance, so I
must be sure of its accuracy.
Your silence speaks volumes.
Then it is as you say.
Straw Hat will bring
ruin to this island.
[MERMAID 531A]
Here, Madam Sharley.
I brought you some water.
It's true. I saw it all,
loud and clear.
Such an awful future.
The accuracy of your
predictions is well known.
I'm convinced that we
must approach this matter
with the utmost caution.
It is quite the shame, though.
They seem to have a good
reputation with the mermaids
and they saved my sister's pet,
so I wanted to
treat them kindly.
But now that this new
development has come to light,
I fear that I must keep
a close eye on them.
We have no choice but to
take them all into custody.
[NARRATOR]
Around the same time.
Nearby, in the
high-class district
known as Fishverly Hills.
[FISHMAN 531AA]
They're gone.
Those weren't just
ordinary pirates, were they?
Otherwise, King Neptune
wouldn't have given them
a personal invitation
to Ryugu Palace, huh?
[laughs]
[NEPTUNE chuckles]
Careful you don't fall! Neptune!
[HOE]
Whale!
Shark! Shark!
[NEPTUNE]
Jamon. Jamon. Jamon.
Jamon. Jamon. Jamon. Neptune!
[LUFFY] I don't get it.
What's "jamon?"
Sounds dumb to me.
[yelps]
Kid, are you stupid
or just plain crazy?
You got invited to
the royal palace.
Don't be a punk!
[NEPTUNE laughs]
You have no idea how much
my daughter loves that shark.
It's her favorite pet.
[NEPTUNE]
"Megalo's never coming back!"
she said, tears
welling up in her eyes.
I had no idea that he had
been attacked by the kraken.
You have my gratitude for
rescuing him from danger.
Shark! Shark!
[LUFFY laughs] I can't really
take credit, but whatever.
It all worked out.
So the princess has
a shark for a pet, huh?
Oh? What's that, Pappagu?
Could it be that
you're not as intimate
with the princess
as you claimed?
[PAPPAGU]
Shh!
[BROOK]
It did sound fishy.
Aquatic puns aside,
I feel so bad for Sanji!
He's stuck in bed, and he wanted
to see the Mermaid Princess
more than anyone else!
He's had a lot
of bad luck lately,
and it hasn't even
been his fault. Mostly.
[USOPP]
But if she's got a pet shark,
she might be kind of intense.
[CAMIE]
Are you sure this is okay?
[USOPP]
Huh?
I mean, someone like me
going to Ryugu palace.
He said we could
bring our friends,
and you guys definitely
make the cut!
This is a rare opportunity,
just enjoy it!
And if you think it's bad,
enjoy it even more!
[NEPTUNE laughs]
[NEPTUNE] By the way,
I sent my sons to fetch you,
but they took too long,
and I grew impatient.
I hope they returned
in the meantime.
We're holding
a banquet, you see,
and I simply can't stand
to wait on any more guests!
I think we're gonna
get along great!
[NAMI]
Gross! Stop drooling!
[NEPTUNE]
Oh, speaking of guests,
I already invited one
of your crewmates.
He's at the palace now.
[BOTH]
Huh?
[NEPTUNE] I must say, he was a
bit lacking in manners, though.
He started drinking before the
banquet, and wouldn't listen
to reason when I
advised him to wait
for the other guests to arrive.
I seem to have
forgotten his name.
[USOPP]
Gotta be Zoro.
[NAMI]
That's Zoro.
[NEPTUNE]
Zori!
[BOTH]
It's Zoro, okay?
[NAMI, USOPP scream]
[NEPTUNE] Don't worry,
as surely as they found him.
my soldiers will find
the rest of your crew
and bring them to the palace.
Hey. Got any idea where
everyone else went, Nami?
Oh, uh...
[NAMI squeals]
So many cool shops down here!
Not to mention plenty of people.
If we ask around enough,
I'm sure somebody will have
the info we're lookin' for.
Oh, yeah? Then do
you wanna handle it?
If you're lookin'
to shop, that's fine,
but I've got an errand of my
own I'd like to take care of.
This is where my old
shipwright master came from.
If his family is
still down here,
I want 'em to know what
an inspiration he was,
and that he was a true man
to the bitter end.
I know we just got back
together, but if you don't mind,
I'd like to do this on my own.
It sounds like it's
pretty important, so sure.
There's something I'd like
to see while we're here, too.
[NAMI]
Oh, okay.
It's not often that
I get to explore a culture
that's completely removed
from the surface world.
Someone with a discerning eye
may uncover its secrets.
Or even some pieces of
a forgotten history.
That's a Robin thing. For sure.
So, we split up again,
but it wasn't a big deal.
No trouble on your end, right?
[USOPP] Uh... Well,
maybe an itty-bitty bit.
Hey, fish king,
I have a question.
[yells] That's "Lord Neptune,
the God of the Sea" to you!
[NAMI] If we're 10,000
meters below sea level,
why is it so bright and
sunny everywhere we go?
[NEPTUNE] Well, that's likely
what our ancestors thought
when they first arrived here.
This is the only place in the
deep sea that light reaches.
It is a glorious, glowing beacon
for all of Fishman kind
and has been for as long
as anyone can remember.
We owe it all to the
giant Sun Tree, Eve,
whose mighty roots
stretch to these depths,
carrying shimmering
sunlight along with them.
[NAMI] "Sun Tree?" So are
its roots bioluminescent
or does it just transfer
sunlight from the surface?
[NEPTUNE] The latter,
it seems, though scientists
have puzzled over the
specifics for ages.
The respiration of its
roots also supplies oxygen
from the surface to our island.
Regardless, we owe
our entire civilization
to this single, mystic tree.
So, it's like the big
brother, or in this case,
big sister of the
mangroves in Sabaody.
Hey, hairy fish dude,
I'm gettin' hungry.
Come on!
[NEPTUNE laughs]
We'll be there soon.
Ooh!
It's huge!
[NEPTUNE]
That's the entrance. Get ready.
[laughs]
[DOOR SNAIL 531A]
Ding dong!
[GUARD 351AA]
Yeah?
[NEPTUNE]
Neptune.
[GUARD 351AA]
Oh, h-h-hello, your highness!
Allow me to open the gate.
[NEPTUNE]
Here. You'll want one of these.
Yeah, what is it?
It's a Bubbly Coral.
It lets you make a little
bubble whenever you want to.
[NEPTUNE]
Land dwellers don't visit often,
so much of the palace
is submerged in water.
We don't want anyone drowning.
[GROUP gasps]
Can we take these as souvenirs?
[NEPTUNE]
Now, forward!
Neptune!
[LUFFY laughs]
It's fast!
[NAMI] This is fun, but I
can't wait to see the palace!
I'm getting kind of nervous.
Yeah, I know, it could be
life-changing for me, too.
Just think. What if this
makes me even more famous?
Interesting. So
starfish can sweat!
[laughs]
[NEPTUNE]
Jamon! We're here!
[ALL]
Ooh!
Whoa! Those dragons are sweet!
Pappagu's house seems positively
shabby in comparison.
Hey, watch your mouth!
[NAMI]
Buy me one of these, Luffy!
[GUARD 351BB]
King Neptune has returned!
[GUARD 351CC] We were wondering
where you ran off to!
[GUARD 351DD]
Hurry, let them in!
[GUARD 351EE]
Opening the gate!
[GUARDS] Greetings,
your highness. Welcome back!
[laughs] Now this
is gonna be fun!
[NEPTUNE]
Make yourselves at home.
You are my honored guests.
Not again! And you
brought guests along!
I've told you not to leave
the palace on your own,
but you don't listen
to a word I say!
If you can't take guards
and you can't inform your staff,
then you can't leave the
palace and that's final!
Shame on you, sir!
[NEPTUNE]
Jamon! It won't happen again!
[GROUP]
He got scolded?
There are so many countless ways
this could have gone wrong.
Our kingdom is in a volatile
political state right now.
Surely as its king,
you realize that!
[stomach growls]
Can we just have
the banquet already?
Ooh!
[NEPTUNE]
If you could stop scolding me,
you'll notice that I brought
back some very important people.
They're the pirates who saved
Megalo from the kraken!
[MINISTERS]
Huh?
[NEPTUNE]
Let's welcome them properly
so I can maintain my dignity.
Hm? Where is Shirahoshi?
The princess should
be here for this.
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Actually, your highness,
we had another incident.
[NEPTUNE]
And she found out?
Don't give her another
thing to worry about!
She's a very delicate girl!
You know that!
Don't you give me that!
If you don't want your
daughter to worry,
then how about you stay here in
the palace where it's safe
instead of running
off unguarded?
We thought you might be dead!
[NEPTUNE] It won't
happen again, I promise.
[GROUP]
Wow, again!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
It's a bit unfortunate
that you brought
the guests yourself.
There was a development
while you were out
and a rather troubling
one, at that.
Indeed. Prince Fukaboshi called
and informed us of something
better relayed in private.
Oh, my goodness,
this is quite awkward.
[NEPTUNE] I trust our guests.
Out with it already.
That's the thing, sir.
[BROOK]
So... are we eating or...?
Hold on. Where'd Luffy go?
[USOPP] Uh... He was
here just a second ago!
He couldn't stand still
for five minutes
if his life depended on it!
This is the royal palace,
you don't just wander
around here on your own!
I'm not here to watch
some hairy fish dude
get chewed out. I'm here to eat!
And I smell food this way!
Getting closer.
Huh?
Huh. No water in here.
That's weird.
Oh!
Can't smell anything now.
The food must be through
those giant doors.
[LUFFY]
Ooh.
This place looks pretty fancy.
It must be the banquet hall.
Let's hope Zoro hasn't
eaten all the good stuff.
But man, kinda
intimidating, isn't it?
The doors are overkill.
I feel like I'm
back in Impel Down.
They really don't want people
gettin' their food, huh?
That must mean whatever they've
got in there is super good!
Huh. It's dark. Why is it dark?
[LUFFY] Well, who cares?
The food smells great!
Maybe it's gonna
be a surprise party.
Either way, I think
I've waited long enough!
A little snack won't hurt!
[LUFFY] Wait, is this the
table? Why is it squishy?
[LUFFY]
What is this?
Feels like some kinda coral,
but why's it in a banquet hall?
[LUFFY]
Squishy again. Weird.
[VOICE grunting]
[LUFFY]
Huh?
If someone's here, could
you turn on the lights?
[LUFFY laughs] Still really
confused, but this sure is fun!
[VOICE]
Hello? Who's there?
[gasps]
[yells]
[SHIRAHOSHI]
What a horrid thing to do!
[LUFFY grunts]
[SHIRAHOSHI] Bouncing on a poor,
helpless girl such as myself!
[SHIRAHOSHI] Who are you, sir,
and what are you doing here?
Please don't hurt me!
Whoa, that's one big lady.
Uh, I mean big fish lady.
Have you come
to kill me, too?
Because I will have you
know, I am not afraid!
No. Not of you.
Not of anyone else, either!
I am the daughter
of King Neptune!
I'm not... I'm not
afraid of anything!
Nothing at all!
[sobs] Someone help me!
Father, please! Brother, please!
Hey, wait! I didn't come
here to kill you, okay?
[sobbing]
Ah! You suck, lady!
Shut up already!
[NARRATOR]
Plagued by Vander Decken,
the mermaid princess
Shirahoshi has been confined
to the Hard Shell
Tower for years.
With its doors open
for even a moment,
Decken launches an axe
straight at her heart.
Meanwhile, things take a sour
turn for the Straw Hat Pirates
in the palace as Neptune's army
suddenly surrounds them.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Coward and a Crybaby!
The Princess in the
Hard Shell Tower!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!